OK since we have our props data with all the news array what we need to do is to grab this props and
access to news.
And with the news we can a loop that array and show all news.
So I'm just going to delete the consulate probs.
They're going to go right here.
Now what we want to do we want to create a variable that is going to loop this.
So we're going to go right here and going to see a concert and this concert is going to be items you
can put whatever name you want.
Now since we're using iOS 6 We're going to make use of the map help her if you know what I'm talking
about.
If you know the map Well it's going to be easier for you if you just stick around.
I'm going to explain what is happening.
So first we have the prompts with all the information.
So we need to access the prompts.
Just like an object we need to access the news and then we can a map over it with the map.
Of course we're going to use an item and we're going to make use of your sex and I'm going to say OK
we want to loop each this array and create an item for each one and it's going to be equal and right
pointing arrow because it's going to be a fat a function.
And inside here we're going to do all the logic.
So since we want to return some GSX going to say return and everything is going to be inside a parenthesis.
Ok now I'm going to do div an inside here.
You can have return all the the the elements inside a container.
So I'm going to say first I'm going to grab an H-3 tack and I going to make reference to the item and
just let me check the date.
Jason you can have an ID a title and a field.
So I get to make reference first to the title.
So I'm going to go right here and use curly braces.
I'm going to graph this item DOD and make reference to the title and.
OK that's good.
So I'm going to go right here.
Karelian you did and this is going to be the field which is going to be text.
OK.
I'm going to go right here.
Curly braces item don't feed.
OK.
So this function is going to loop over the news the news with the map function map helper.
And we will create this markup for each use.
You can have just four news.
OK.
So how can I just render this.
This elements.
So inside here we need to I'm going to delete newsiest and remember that re-act needs for us to return
just a single element.
If I do this and just do a curly braces and make a reference to this viable I'm going to show you just
now.
Begin to get an error message about that element must be returned.
This is because whenever we call this novel this comes out items it's going to loop through this and
it's going to give us back just three elements just like this.
And remember re-act wants us to pass a single element just a wrapper just in a container.
So I'm going to go right here I'm going to say make it.
I'm going to create a container.
And inside the container we can have all our items and we are getting them just a title and feed and
we get all four that's.
So it's working if you know how map works.
Just go to the next section.
If you don't know what's happening right here.
Just stick around.
I'm going to I'm going to tell you right now what is happening.
OK.
So with iOS 6 and the later version versions of iOS 5 we already have access to map map.
It's just kind of a loop this map.
It's going to be equal to do a for loop for example.
What happened.
OK.
For an inside for create a viral and it's called I it's going to be equal to zero.
And then we just call until I.
It's less than a ray ray dot that length.
Length.
We get it.
I plus plus an inside here for each iteration.
And that every You're going to return the of course the elements.
So this is the same as doing this just can come in this.
OK.
So again we have the props and inside the props we have something that calls prompt news.
It's an array so we access proper use and then we use a helper.
It's going to be map then for each iteration.
On this loop we pass an item.
OK.
So first one is going to be the first and use and that it's item.
So we're going to go right here and we will return some code.
So it's going to go on the first iteration is going to access the item which is the first element on
the array and it's going to give us the title of this first and the first item and then the feed.
And then it's going to go here.
It is going to start again.
It's going to go to the second round.
It's going to grab the item.
The second item and it's going again pass the title and the feed.
It's going to do it four times with the four news.
And then at the end of course it's going to return all the four news just like this.
Re-act is grandis and it's just putting the items right here.
OK.
Let me just go back.
So this is happening again.
Map it just like doing this but in ESX going in the did this picture site it's kind of a ballroom see
this.
This right here pretty much item just like this.
And then a fat function.
It's like doing props that I believed was news.
Use that map and then when we do this it's like doing function and then just returning the function.
This is the same syntax but in the A-6.
OK that's fine.
That's a little bit of information about the map and right here.
It's working but we are getting an error message you're getting each child in an array or iterator should
have any unique key.
Now whenever we worked we'd react.
And we do and we loop items.
Each item that we are returning needs to have a key.
And this is just for react.
OK.
You're not going to see this key inside the inside Saddam.
Maybe if you inspect it.
So if I go right here he's going to say OK we need to add a key prop props are this the same thing we're
passing right here on the index.
This is a prop.
So what we need to do whenever we do a loop we need to have a prop that has the name of key.
So going to say key and just return something.
Since on our database each item has an ID.
I'm just going to pass the ID.
It's going to be item dot I.D. and we're going to get rid of that error message.
Let's get.
So everything is working for me just make this a little bit smaller we said to default.
OK.
And we had we have all the news.
Right.
So let's go to the next section and talk about something else that prompts.